字段名：
order_id,assignment_id,user_id,assistment_id,problem_id,original,correct,
attempt_count,ms_first_response,tutor_mode,answer_type,sequence_id,
student_class_id,position,type,base_sequence_id,skill_id,skill_name,
teacher_id,school_id,hint_count,hint_total,overlap_time,template_id,
answer_id,answer_text,first_action,bottom_hint,opportunity,opportunity_original

数据示例（525534行）：
33022537,277618,64525,33139,51424,1,1,1,32454,tutor,algebra,5948,13241,126,MasterySection,5948,1,Box and Whisker,22763,73,0,3,32454,30799,,26,0,,1,1
33022709,277618,64525,33150,51435,1,1,1,4922,tutor,algebra,5948,13241,126,MasterySection,5948,1,Box and Whisker,22763,73,0,3,4922,30799,,55,0,,2,2


数据集说明：
https://sites.google.com/site/assistmentsdata/how-to-interpret

- 1s 1s/step - pre: 0.6907 - acc: 0.6726 - auc: 0.5673
- 1s 1s/step - pre: 0.7790 - acc: 0.7493 - auc: 0.5760

字段说明
order_id
These id's are chronological, and refer to the id of the original problem log.

assignment_id

user_id
The ID of the student doing the problem.

assistment_id
Similar to problem_id. The ID of a problem one will see in the builder. If a problem has multiple main problems and/or scaffolding, everything relating to one problem is called an assistment and has the same assistment_id. If you see problem logs with the same assistment number, they are multiple main problems(or scaffolding problems) that are part of the same overarching problem.

problem_id
The ID of the problem. If a problem has multiple main problems, each multiple main problem will have a different problem_id.

original
1 = Main problem
0 = Scaffolding problem
If a problem has scaffolding and the student answers incorrectly or asks for the problem to be broken into steps, a new problem will be created called a scaffolding problem. This creates a separate problem log row in the file with the variable original = 0.

correct
1 = Correct on first attempt
0 = Incorrect on first attempt, or asked for help
This column is often the target for prediction. (Minor note: Neil Heffernan notes that while this is true most of the time, we also have Essay questions that teachers can grade.  Neil thinks that if this value is say .25 that means the teacher gave it a 1 our of 4. )
1 = 第一次尝试时正确
0 = 首次尝试时不正确，或寻求了帮助
此列通常是预测的目标。 （次要注意：Neil Heffernan指出，虽然大部分时间都是如此，但我们也有教师可以评分的论文问题。尼尔认为，如果这个值是.25，那就意味着教师给了我们4分。）

attempt_count
Number of attempts(number of times a student entered an answer)

ms_first_response

tutor_mode
tutor, test mode, pre-test, or post-test

answer_type

sequence_id
ASSISTments is very confusing in how they use "Problem Set" and "Sequence".  The same object that is called a "Sequence" in the database is exposed to teachers as a "Problem Set".  If you have a sequence ID, you can use the converter here to get the corresponding problem set number to use ASSISTments and see exactly what the content looked like.


student_class_id
The ID of the class, the same for all students in the same class.  If you want to heiricharchila liearn modeling you can use this for the class ID.  We can also give you a teacher ID.  You might also want to look at section ID (if its not in here we can give it to you: Korinn).

position

type

base_sequence_id
This is to account for if a sequence has been copied. This will point to the original copy, or be the same as sequence_id if it hasn't been copied.

skill_id
ID of the skill associated with the problem.
For the skill builder dataset, different skills for the same data record are in different rows. This means if a student answers a multi skill question, this record is duplicated several times, and each duplication is tagged with one of the multi skills.
For the non skill builder dataset, different skills for the same data record are in the same row, separated with comma.
与问题相关的知识点ID。
对于知识点构建器数据集，同一试题的不同知识点被记录在不同的行中。这意味着如果学生回答了一个包含多个知识点的试题，则该试题会出现多次，并且每条都会使用其中一个知识点进行标记。
对于非知识点构建器数据集，同一数据记录的不同技能在同一行中，以逗号分隔。

skill_name
Skill name associated with the problem.
For the skill builder dataset, different skills for the same data record are in different rows. This means if a student answers a multi skill question, this record is duplicated several times, and each duplication is tagged with one of the multi skills.
For the non skill builder dataset, different skills for the same data record are in the same row, separated with comma.


teacher_id

school_id
ID of the school where the problem was assigned.

hint_count
Number of hints a student asked for during the duration of the problem

hint_total
Number of possible hints on this problem.  We tell you the total number of hints so you can compute something like a % of hints used.  Not all problems have all the same number of hints.

overlap_time
The time in milliseconds for the student to complete the problem.  Ideally this is meant to be time it took the student to finish the problem.  For instance, if a student spent 10 seconds reading the problem, asked for a hint and spent 3 seconds reading it, and then spent 14 seconds typing in the correct answer, the overlap time would be 27 seconds (expressed in milliseconds.)  
This field is often computed incorrectly. Many data sets display overlap time the same as the first response time.  You could compute overlap time using other fields, like using the state time of two problems. 

template_id
The template ID of the ASSISTment. ASSISTments with the same template ID have similar questions.

answer_id
Only exists for multiple choice or choose all that apply questions
A number =  the answer the student put in corresponds with one of the answers for that problem
0 or empty = the student put an answer not corresponding with one of the answers for that problem

answer_text
The answer the student entered. Or the value the student selected in a multiple choice or choose all that apply problem.

first_action
0 = attempt
1 = hint
2 = scaffolding
empty = student clicked on the problem but did nothing else

bottom_hint
1 = The student asked for the bottom out hint
0 = The student did not ask for the bottom out hint.
If this is blank it means the student did not ask for a hint.  Remember that for scaffolding questions they can not get a hint.  
o   The bottom out hint is the last hint for a problem and will generally contain the problem’s answer.

opportunity
- The number of opportunities the student has to practice on this skill.
- For the skill builder dataset, opportunities for different skills of the same data record are in different rows. This means if a student answers a multi skill question, this record is duplicated several times, and each duplication is tagged with one of the multi skills and the corresponding opportunity count.
- For the non skill builder dataset, opportunities for different skills of the same data record are in the same row, separated with comma.

opportunity_original
- The number of opportunities the student has to practice on this skill counting only original problems.
- For the skill builder dataset, original opportunities for different skills of the same data record are in different rows. This means if a student answers a multi skill question, this record is duplicated several times, and each duplication is tagged with one of the multi skills and the corresponding original opportunity count.
- For the non skill builder dataset, original opportunities for different skills of the same data record are in the same row, separated with comma.